Look, all
I'm saying is
you have
more hair to wash,
you should pay
a bigger share
of the water bill.
Says the girl with the
300-watt makeup mirror.
Is something burning?
Oh! Smoke!
( alarm beeping )
Flames.
( coughing )
Great.
Blackened cookies.
Do you think
Annie will believe me
when I tell her they're Cajun?
Why are you
baking cookies for your boss?
Well, I thought
getting her sacks of cash
would be too obvious.
This week is
my performance review
and every little bit
of sucking up helps.
Unfortunately, sacks of cash
is exactly what
the electric company wants.
This is what
we each owe for utilities.
But if I pay that, I won't have
enough for my car payment
or my nails.
Not even one coat.
How pathetic am I?
I'm going to have to put
half of this on my credit cards.
Plastic! Yes, I'm saved.
No. All mine are maxed out.
So? There are, like,
five applications
for new ones in today's mail.
Of course. That is good.
This is America.
Exactly. Life, liberty...
and the pursuit
of the perfect
little black dress.
Ooh.
I think I put
one too many eggs in.
Whoa. Well, guess that answers
the whole
"chicken or the egg" question.
♪ Life's changing around me,
and I'm gonna make it mine ♪
♪ I'm reaching out
and living by my rules... ♪
♪ Time's moving way too fast ♪
♪ I wanna make it last... ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm out on my own now ♪
♪ And I like the way it feels. ♪
Someone looks pretty
spiffy today
and I don't
just mean me.
I'm meeting Aaron
after work.
It's our first
official date
and I want
to look perfect.
Oh? Is that a hole?
Oh, no. Just lace.
For the record, the
way to a man's heart
is not through
his stomach.
Here, I'll prove it.
Hey, hands off.
Those are a shameless
bribe for Annie.
Along with the mocha-almond
coffee I made.
Hello.
Who made this coffee?
I did.
It's disgusting.
You know I don't like
anything sweet.
Except for an occasional
chocolate chip cookie.
All right, Spellman,
we've got work
to do, and by "we"
I mean you. I need
these pages proofed.
Hey, this is
your article.
Wow, you must
have a lot
of faith in me.
I'm flattered.
Don't be.
You're all I've got.
The temp they sent over
is dyslexic.
Me and my red pen will
get all over this.
I mean, not that
I'm expecting
a lot of mistakes.
I'm expecting a lot of,
you know, check plusses
and "very goods"
and "good jobs"
and "very funnys."
The article's
about starvation
in sub-Saharan Africa.
And in your capable hands,
I'm sure it's hilarious.
I'll get started.
What? That
sentence is perfect.
Except that it ends
in a preposition.
Which... Shakespeare
did all the time,
so I'll just turn
this question mark
into a happy face.
You do realize
that for your
review tomorrow,
Jonathan has
finally consented
to letting me
decide your fate.
And it's a good thing we get
along so well or I'd be worried.
This has to be perfect.
Annie, apropos of nothing,
care for a cookie?
Oh, Leonard,
that's so sweet
of you. You know,
a little sucking up
wouldn't kill you, Spellman.
Okay, are you sure
this is how you spell
"Madagascar"?
I'm sure.
Merriam-Webster
is sure.
The ambassador
to Madagascar is sure
Okay, I'm sorry.
I just can't afford
to make even one mistake.
Am I just paranoid
or is Annie out to get me?
Oh, she's definitely
out to get you.
The rest of us talk
about it all the time.
Oh, well that explains
the pointing and whispers.
Sure. Believe
whatever you want.
Okay, well,
after tomorrow
Annie is going to be
my biggest fan.
Good. Does that mean we're done
and we can finally
get something to eat?
Eat. Dinner. Aaron. Oh, no.
Oh, so much
for tonight being perfect.
Oh, late for your
first date, huh?
Could that be
your subconscious calling out
for a steaming hot bowl
of Leonard Stew?
No, but I think I did
just hear it scream.
Oh, hey. Aaron.
Yeah. I'm so sorry.
I am on my way.
Well, actually,
I'm in the parking lot.
Late and lying.
This relationship is doomed.
No, that's just the valet.
Thank you for
your input, sir.
Now, please,
just park the car.
Okay, I'll be right there.
Bye, Leonard.
"Bye, Leonard."
"Thanks
for staying late."
"Thanks for helping me out."
Hey, thanks for staying late
and helping me out.
Hey, anytime.
She so wants me.
Hi.
Oh. Hi.
I didn't see
you come in.
Oh, then
you missed
my pirouette
by the dessert cart?
I'm sorry I'm late.
Oh, don't worry about it.
You look really beautiful.
Thanks. You, too.
Well-- or whatever
the male equivalent is.
So, um... you must be starving.
No, I ordered an artichoke
for us to share
and... it was delicious.
Not to worry--
I've ordered us another one.
Oh. Perfect.
I love artichokes, you know.
Totally underrated vegetable.
I mean, grows its own wrapper,
leaves conveniently shaped
for dipping...
And really hard
to hold onto. I'm sorry.
Oh, don't worry about it.
My fault for not
putting down a napkin
nor wearing rubber pants.
I think I'm just really nervous.
You know, I wanted
our first date to be perfect
and here I am, you know, late
and throwing food all over...
the restaurant.
( blowing )
It's okay.
Five-second rule.
You know, um, it would be okay
if you said something.
In fact, it would be helpful.
Are you kidding?
I'm enjoying the performance.
Well, then, you should
stay for the late show.
Not that I'm
implying anything.
Not that I'm not implying
anything. I just...
Please say something.
So...
Seen any good movies?
Great. Another
credit card
activated and
ready to go.
Plus, it came with 10,000
miles on Icelandic Air.
This is so easy.
You should have seen
what I had to fill out
to get a Blockbuster membership.
Why it is easier
to get a credit card
than rent A Night
at the Roxbury?
Oh, Sabrina's home.
We should probably clear out,
give them some privacy.
You're right.
We don't want to be
nosy roommates.
How sweet, he's going
in for the kiss.
No, Sabrina, tilt
to the left.
His left, his left.
Ooh.
That's gotta hurt.
Sorry again.
Are you sure you
don't want to come in?
No, I think
the cold air
well help stop
the bleeding. Night!
Hey, Sabrina.
That was officially
the worst date
of my entire life.
There is no way
he's ever going to want
to go out
with me again.
Then it's good he's the
one with the bloody nose.
And my day
was hardly any better.
Let's just hope
that this is all the storm
before the calm of tomorrow's
glowing performance review.
Before I forget, Leonard called.
He thinks you might have
misspelled "Madagascar."
( groans )
Another mistake brought to you
by the incompetents at Sabrina.
I'm sorry, Sabrina.
Can we at least
buy you something?
Thanks to you, we've got
a $100,000 limit.
No, I don't think anything
could possibly help.
Except maybe one of those
little foot-massager thingies.
That wouldn't hurt.
Maybe, actually,
one for each foot.
Mistakes, goofs,
blunders, faux pas...
Check the appendix.
This book doesn't
have an appendix.
But you do.
The appendix is
nature's biggest mistake.
Well, since the dog.
This is relevant how?
Little-known fact--
If a witch gets rid
of her appendix,
she'll be mistake-free.
Hmm. remove a minor non-vital
organ without anesthesia?
Well, after what I've
been through today,
that doesn't sound so bad.
Mistakes that I make
cause damage and strife.
Help me remove
the cause from my life.
Holy appendectomy!
Please tell me
you're board-certified.
Yes. I'm Ouija Board certified.
Here you go, a
little souvenir.
My appendix
is in there?
What am I supposed
to do with this--
I mean, put it with
my old retainer?
I turned mine
into a hacky sack.
Well, that was useless.
I don't feel any different.
No, not in the slightest.
Well, you seem a
little different.
Oh, pshaw, no different at all.
You know... oh, no time
for dillydallying.
Ticktock. Time for bed.
Perfect.
I couldn't possibly sleep
in an unmade bed.
Okay. Well, see you
in exactly eight hours.
Morning!
Isn't it a perfectly
perfect day?
Yup. Be sure to have
a muffin... or three.
I decided to
have it catered.
Breakfast-- it's everywhere
I want to be.
I'm paying off
my student loans.
Whoever said you can't
put a price on education
didn't go to college.
I can't believe you guys
are being so dense.
You thought it was
a good idea, too.
Not at these interest rates.
Okay, first, transfer
this balance to this card.
Then transfer
that balance
to that card.
Deduct 12%
from the principle...
and you can apply
for two more cards
and a home-equity loan.
Come on-- print.
Okay, I have given you toner.
I have given you paper.
I've given you
everything you asked for.
What more do you
want from me?
You mind if I take
a look at that?
How'd you do that?
Oh, I just
tweaked the tolerance
on the third set
of pass bars
and upped the toner to 33%.
Duh.
Oh, layout for
the skateboarding piece, huh?
Yeah, and I'm on
a little bit
of a deadline,
so if you could...
I know these are action photos,
but something's missing.
Ooh, I think it's the action.
Okay, try leading
with this one. Pow.
Then you follow with these
three... bam, bam, bam.
Yeah, you don't even
need this one.
No, you know what
I don't need?
A perky little know-it-all
telling me how to do my job.
Oh, nice layout, James.
You're welcome.
Aaron, how wonderful
to see you.
Okay, a little Doris Day,
but I could get into it.
I just came by to see if
you're free for lunch.
Your timing is perfect;
we have exactly 60 minutes.
Okay, I read about
this terrific
little Italian...
Uh... Bup, bup, bup.
59 minutes. Less
talk, more walk.
Okay.
( soft music playing )
Well, it sounds
like work's been going
a lot better
for you today.
Hmm? Oh, it's been perfect.
Is something wrong?
No, it's... Well, yes.
It seems that
my side of the
tablecloth
is hanging slightly
lower than your side
and... there's
a stain.
Whoa!
Yeah, I know
and this is a
four-star restaurant.
Anyway, I was about to tell
you about my perfect day.
I'm so looking forward
to this afternoon.
It's my performance review
and I just know that everything
is going to... excuse me.
Hi. Hi there. Hi.
You mind if I...?
Okay, first,
you pluck off the claws
like so...
Then, you pinch
here and here
and voila!
heaven in little
red pants.
Bon appetit.
Wow. Between you and I,
I had no idea
you were such a stickler.
Well, between you and me,
I'm not.
I'm sorry, but the pronoun
in that case is, after all,
the object of a preposition.
What do you say
we get the check?
Well, I don't really
see the need.
I mean, I kept a running total
of everything we had in my head.
Um, you had an ice tea...
Okay, do not say "Ticktock,
ticktock, people" again.
I beg you.
I'm sorry,
but this staff meeting
was supposed to start
two minutes ago.
I mean, my watch is set
to Greenwich Mean Time.
Yeah, well, mine is set to Annie
Mean Time. Where's Leonard?
There you go, proofs
for next week's issue.
Got any changes you, should
have made them this morning.
Oh, shoot,
they spelled my name wrong.
Hey, someone changed
the title of my article.
It was a little wordy.
This has pith.
Somebody
recropped all my photos.
Guilty.
What were you thinking?
I asked you to proof my article.
You changed the entire thing.
But only in the interests
of good journalism.
Now, it's perfect.
Don't you get it?
You changed titles,
you altered the layout.
You rewrote your boss.
What were you thinking?
Well, I was thinking,
in your case
that your third paragraph
should be your lead
and when you read it,
you'll see I was right.
Oh, well, here's a lead for you.
You're fired.
Fired?!
Well, now, that
is not very perfect.
You heard me, Spellman.
You're fired, effective
immediately.
But I don't understand.
Why would you fire me?
I am error-free
I am without flaws.
I don't even
have any cavities.
Look, Annie, I love this job
and I am just trying to
be the best employee
I, or anybody in the history
of employees, could ever...
( cell phone rings )
Sabrina here.
Hey, Sabrina. It's Aaron.
Oh, hi. I don't mean to imply
that your timing isn't perfect,
but I am in the middle
of a slight crisis.
Can I call you back?
You know what? No need.
I was just calling to say
that I think we should
cool things down a bit.
You know, maybe take a break
from each other.
Take a break? From what?
We just started.
Look, if this is about
the artichoke incident,
I swear, I've changed.
Don't worry.
That's perfectly clear.
I'll see you around, Sabrina.
( beep )
How could everything go so
wrong when I am so right?!
I might have been
a little ambiguous.
I want you out!
Okay, there's that preposition
at the end of
a sentence again.
All right, I'm going.
Sabrina wait.
You've got to help us.
I'm sorry, but you and
your new karaoke machine
are just going to
have to butcher
Celine Dion without me.
I just figured out there's
no way we can even come close
to making all of the minimum
payments on all of these cards.
And they are not giving us
any more credit.
They said that we have no
visible means of support.
Which at first I thought
was a huge compliment.
And even if we stop
spending today,
we'll be in our 50s
before it's all paid off.
I'm sorry, but I have
bigger fish to fry.
Ooh, And that giant fish fryer
might come in quite handy.
Sabrina, you have to help us.
You're the one who led us down
this path of debt and despair.
And here I was, feeling guilty
about forging your name.
I'm sorry, but I thought
it was a perfectly perfect idea.
I want my appendix back.
This spell has cost me my job,
my friends' financial future
a fabulous guy...
Ooh, but my hair's
never looked better.
Well, I can't help you
with the appendix.
I put it down the
garbage disposal.
It's sleeping
with the eggshells.
What?! Never put eggshells
down the garbage disposal.
There's got to be some way
to undo this spell.
You know, being perfect
is perfectly awful.
Salem, you've been around
hundreds of years.
I mean, you've got to know
a way to reverse this.
Well, I might be able
to pull some strings
and get you into Mistake School.
Mistake School?
Yeah, it's a school
for people having trouble
with mistakes.
Ooh, sounds perfect.
( magical ping )
INSTRUCTOR:
Okay, people we've
been over this before.
Once again from the top, the
comb-over, always a mistake.
Thinking it's going to
clear up on its own?
Excuse me. I'm Sabrina Spellman
and I misplaced my appendix.
Consequently, I've lost my job
and my boyfriend.
So, I really just need
to learn to make mistakes again
and, uh, then I can go.
Lost your boyfriend
and your job?
Sounds like you already know
how to make mistakes.
That's called irony.
Okay, just tell me
what I need to do.
Let's start with a review
of all of your mistakes.
One moment, sir.
Why is her case up?
I've been here since 1876 for
a mistake I didn't even make!
General Custer.
Whole troop wiped out
by a handful of Indians.
( snorts )
Whoo!
That was a big mistake.
Yeah.
Hey, who took my pencil?
I'm telling ya,
They ambushed us!
My horse was lame!
The sun was in my eyes!
( sotto ):
I swear, I sell that screenplay,
I am so out of here.
Okay, Sabrina Spellman, let's
take a look at your mistakes.
Those are all my mistakes?
I'm not even that old!
This is just the A's.
Now we enter
the junior high years.
So, obviously, you can get
a sunburn on a cloudy day.
Oh, everybody was obsessed
with Madonna that year.
And people said I looked hot.
( click )
Well, that's a spell gone awry.
Another spell gone awry.
( click )
Gone awry!
Awry. But for the record, his
head eventually did grow back.
What, that sentence
is perfect.
Except that it ends
in a preposition.
Mouthy little gal, ain't she?
Two words: Sitting Bull.
All right, point taken.
I shouldn't have
corrected my boss.
Let's go to a little later,
that same day.
All right, all right,
I admit it, I make mistakes.
I'm the worst person, witch,
employee, roommate, girlfriend,
artichoke eater
in the world!
You forgot student. You're
just not getting it, are you?
SABRINA:
Hey, that's me!
I'm a determined
little thing and cute.
You fell on your keister
eleven hundred times
before you finally
walked across that room.
Hey, now, that is
just being unfair.
Okay, I'm a baby.
That's what babies do.
That's how they learn to walk.
( bells and whistles go off )
Oh, I get it.
Mistakes are important
because we learn from them.
So, instead of wishing
I'd never made any
I should just embrace what
they teach me and move on.
Exactly.
And you couldn't have given me
this platitude two hours ago?
( magical ping )
There you go.
Congratulations.
You're completely
fallible, error-prone
and will definitely make
many, many mistakes
during your lifetime.
Thanks. Can't wait
to get started.
So, does this
take effect right...
I guess so.
Okay, I'm sorry if I contributed
to this problem.
I'm sorry
if I actually made it worse.
And I'm sorry that I wasn't
espousing fiscal responsibility
and sage advice, but I now know
exactly what we have to do.
What?
This.
There.
One of those was
my driver's license.
Oh. My mistake.
Look, I just want to say
that I'm really sorry if
I caused everyone grief.
I think I was just so afraid
of making a mistake
that I stepped in
a couple of big ones.
Oh, no kidding.
I'm probably going
to regret this
and it's not going
to help my reputation
for being a softy
but I'm willing to give
you one last chance.
Whoo-hoo! Thank you so much.
Oh, one last chance
starting now?
Proof this.
Will do.
And don't clog the margins
with your little happy faces.
Won't do.
And don't flag
anything except typos.
Nope. No flags, no happy faces,
unless it's my happy face
'cause I'm so happy to be back.
Never mind. I need this done
now, and I need it done right.
I'm going to give it to Esme.
Her English is really improving.
Well, okay.
You're the boss.
Whatever you want is fine.
It gives me a chance
to get started
on a new article
I want to write.
Don't waste your time.
Oh, no, it's not a waste.
I'm actually really
excited about it.
Here, let me pitch it
to you real quick.
I mean don't
waste my time.
The last thing I need
to do is slog my way
through another tedious
Spellman hack piece.
Okay, maybe later.
No, wait, wait a minute.
Did you just
call me a hack?
Mm, let me think.
Yes, I did.
Oh, okay.
No, not okay. Not okay at all.
I beg your pardon?
Look, I admit it, I might
make the occasional mistake,
but the biggest
mistake I made here
was not standing up
to you months ago.
I'm not a hack, I'm
a really good writer.
I bust my butt day in
and day out for you.
I do not deserve to be
treated like this, ever.
You go, girl!
I mean, uh, you, Sabrina-girl,
go... home,
and think about
what you just said.
Oh, I don't have
to think about it.
I know exactly what
I just said, and I
stand by it. I quit.
Oh, so you're just going
to walk out of here?
Do you know how difficult it is
to find a job in journalism?
You're making a huge mistake.
I don't think so.
But if I am, I'll learn.
Someday I like
to be the kind of girl
who makes a graceful exit.
AARON:
I certainly hope not.
Hi. What are you doing here?
I just wanted to
apologize for being
such a schmuck.
I mean, what kind of guy
breaks up with a girl
over the phone?
You're not going to do it
now in person, are you?
No. Look, I realized
you were just trying
to make everything...
perfect.
And well, that's sweet
and flattering.
Sabrina, I love it when you're
wrestling with vegetables
and always showing up late.
Well, actually, that last part
is a little bit annoying,
but the point is, I don't
want somebody who's perfect.
Well, then it's your lucky day.
Absolutely perfect.
That's fantastic. I'll see you
first thing tomorrow morning.
Bye.
Whoo-hoo! Salem,
I just booked my second
freelance assignment.
Apparently, I'm
quite in demand.
Yeah, that's great.
Do you know where the tape is?
There you go.
Wait a second.
What is this for?
Why do you
always go there?
It's a roll of tape,
not C-4 plastic explosives.
Maybe I got you something,
and I'd like to give
it a decent wrapping
instead of sticking it
in some cheesy gift-bag.
All right, jeez, I'm sorry.
I guess I just thought that
maybe you'd try to use this
to tape these up
and use them.